OSDOCS-18105 [ROSA]: New Feature Log Forwarding in UI (#112116)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-create-cluster-ui-log-forwarding.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * observability/logging/rosa-configuring-the-log-forwarder.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="rosa-create-cluster-ui-log-groups_{context}"]
= Creating a {product-title} cluster in the {hybrid-console}

[role="_abstract"]
You can forward logs from your {product-title} cluster to `CloudWatch`, `S3`, or both. When you forward your control plane logs, you can store them in the infrastructure that you designated, helping you meet compliance and audit requirements and workflows. 

> In the {hybrid-console}, you set up your {product-title} cluster to forward control plane logs on Day 1. Then, you can continue to use the web user interface (UI) for all your control plane logs forwarding needs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the {hybrid-console}, you set up your {product-title} cluster to forward control plane logs when you create the cluster. Then, you can continue to use the web user interface (UI) to forward your control plane logs.
```

> *Note*: For full audit visibility, it is recommended that you enable the control plane log forwarding  feature on Day 1. On Day 2, you can still enable the control plane log forwarding feature but you have the limitations. The log forwarding feature cannot retrieve logs created before you enabled this feature, resulting in data and audit gaps among logs created before and after you enabled the forwarding feature. 

Reviewer: This should be a Note admonition.

Also, I'd revise the text as follows:

```suggestion
Enable control plane log forwarding when you create the cluster to ensure a complete audit trail. If enabled later, the feature cannot capture logs generated prior to activation, leaving gaps in your data.
```
